README.md, before:

# Frontend Mentor - Single price grid component solution

This is a solution to the [Single price grid component challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/single-price-grid-component-5ce41129d0ff452fec5abbbc). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects. 

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continued development](#continued-development)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout for the component depending on their device's screen size
- See a hover state on desktop for the Sign Up call-to-action

### Screenshot

![](./images/screenshot.jpg)


### Links

- Solution URL: https://github.com/toddteis/Single-Price-Grid-Component
- Live Site URL: https://toddteis.github.io/Single-Price-Grid-Component/

## My process

1. Added html content.
2. Built flexbox layout for mobile (375px).
3. Styled three sections, header, cta and about.
4. Added media query for min-widths of 640px.
5. Styled three sections for wider screen size.

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- Mobile-first workflow

### What I learned

This was my first project using mobile-first workflow. I found working this way a lot easier then working with desktop first. I tend to be thinking about getting the layout to a desktop layout while working on the mobile layout, which hasn't been my thought process up to now working the other way round.

### Continued development

I will continued to use mobile-first workflow and flexbox. I would like to use CSS Grid in future challenges.

### Useful resources

- https://www.imagecolorpicker.com - I used imagecolorpicker.com to identify colours in the jpg design for colours that were't mentioned in the style-guide. Though very small font doesn't get picked up very well.

## Author

- Website - [Todd Teis](https://www.toddteis.com)
- Frontend Mentor - [@toddteis](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/toddteis)

## Acknowledgments

A big thank you to Frontend Mentor for providing a great learning tool.

Commit message:

Added semantic html markup. Updated readme.md. Added sectional commits in styles.css.

README.md, after:

# Frontend Mentor - Single price grid component solution

This is a solution to the [Single price grid component challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/single-price-grid-component-5ce41129d0ff452fec5abbbc). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects. 

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continued development](#continued-development)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout for the component depending on their device's screen size
- See a hover state on desktop for the Sign Up call-to-action

### Screenshot

![](./images/screenshot.jpg)


### Links

- Solution URL: https://github.com/toddteis/Single-Price-Grid-Component
- Live Site URL: https://toddteis.github.io/Single-Price-Grid-Component/

## My process

1. Added html content.
2. Built flexbox layout for mobile (375px).
3. Styled three sections, header, cta and about.
4. Added media query for min-widths of 640px.
5. Styled three sections for wider screen size.

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- Mobile-first workflow

### What I learned

This was my first project using mobile-first workflow. I found working this way a lot easier then working with desktop first. I tend to be thinking about getting the layout to a desktop layout while working on the mobile layout, which hasn't been my thought process up to now working the other way round.

Learnt more about semantic html5 markup and used main, article, section and footer tags in this project.

### Continued development

I will continued to use mobile-first workflow and flexbox. I would like to use CSS Grid in future challenges.
I will also use semactic html5 markup in future projects and implement then during the project and not at the end, as in this project.

### Useful resources

- https://www.imagecolorpicker.com - I used imagecolorpicker.com to identify colours in the jpg design for colours that were't mentioned in the style-guide. Though very small font doesn't get picked up very well.

## Author

- Website - [Todd Teis](https://www.toddteis.com)
- Frontend Mentor - [@toddteis](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/toddteis)

## Acknowledgments

A big thank you to Frontend Mentor for providing a great learning tool.
